_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
# title: "Welcome to my academic website"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a 4th year PhD Student in Electrical and Computer Engineering at NYU. I'm advised by [Brandon Reagen](https://brandonreagen.com/), [Siddharth Garg](https://engineering.nyu.edu/faculty/siddharth-garg), and closely collaborate with [Benedikt Bünz](https://cs.nyu.edu/~bb/). I'm a member of the [BAAHL](https://wp.nyu.edu/baahl/) and [Ensure](https://wp.nyu.edu/ensure_group/) groups at NYU.

My research focuses on computer architecture and VLSI for privacy-preserving cryptography, primarily for Zero-Knowledge Proofs.

I received my Masters degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering at UMich in 2022, where I worked on VLSI for communications and machine learning with [David Blaauw](https://blaauw.engin.umich.edu/), [Hun-Seok Kim](https://kim.engin.umich.edu/), and [Ron Dreslinski](https://web.eecs.umich.edu/~rdreslin/). I received my Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering from Georgia Tech in 2020 where I worked on hardware security with [Vincent Mooney](https://mooney.gatech.edu/) and software-defined radios [Matthieu Bloch](https://bloch.ece.gatech.edu/).

- **[Publications](/publications/)**
- **[CV](/cv/)**

Commit message:

removed github link and added news to about page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
# title: "Welcome to my academic website"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a 4th year PhD Student in Electrical and Computer Engineering at NYU. I'm advised by [Brandon Reagen](https://brandonreagen.com/), [Siddharth Garg](https://engineering.nyu.edu/faculty/siddharth-garg), and closely collaborate with [Benedikt Bünz](https://cs.nyu.edu/~bb/). I'm a member of the [BAAHL](https://wp.nyu.edu/baahl/) and [Ensure](https://wp.nyu.edu/ensure_group/) groups at NYU.

My research focuses on computer architecture and VLSI for privacy-preserving cryptography, primarily for Zero-Knowledge Proofs.

I received my Masters degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering at UMich in 2022, where I worked on VLSI for communications and machine learning with [David Blaauw](https://blaauw.engin.umich.edu/), [Hun-Seok Kim](https://kim.engin.umich.edu/), and [Ron Dreslinski](https://web.eecs.umich.edu/~rdreslin/). I received my Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering from Georgia Tech in 2020 where I worked on hardware security with [Vincent Mooney](https://mooney.gatech.edu/) and software-defined radios [Matthieu Bloch](https://bloch.ece.gatech.edu/).

**[Publications](/publications/)**
**[CV](/cv/)**

News:

- Sept. 2025 -- I'll be organizing the first ever ZKARCH workshop MICRO 2025 in Seoul on October 18!
- June 2025 -- I presented our paper Need for zkSpeed at ISCA 2025 in Tokyo!!!
- October 2024 -- I presented our paper SZKP at PACT 2024! This is my first ever 1st author paper!!!
